hello you can add a 1971 Airstream I
believe it's a 23 footer gross vehicle
weight fifty eight hundred pounds I
would imagine it's about 4,500 pounds
unloaded i'll have to check that i
traded this vehicle for a gentleman that
had it one of a diesel truck and he did
in michigan and he told it all the way
from Michigan to here so it will tow
fine got four new tires on it and he
tells me that the air works and
everything works on it take that just
for your own information I'm not
guaranteeing anything because i'm not
sure that i know the lights work and
that it tows well and the infrastructure
is good that you know the structure this
is called a man shot and because my
phone there hang on one second i'll turn
it off it is a really cool unit even
sitting here like it is there's lots of
people have been looking at it
it looks like there's one color that's a
different piece but I don't know that it
all looks to fit together fine and and
be fine it's not leaking no odors inside
sorry it's so close to the trees here
got a nice big back window and of course
the airstream land got emblems which are
really cool
the guy that turned it here just towed
it here with a regular ford f250 and
didn't have any trouble with that the
underneath seems they look good though
it's covered excuse me it doesn't look
tremendously rusty under there
especially for a 71 now the inside is
going to need a restoration but it's not
terrible if you cleaned it up a little
bit you really could use it just like it
is actually the battery is still good he
told it here about a month ago I have a
clear title how's the Airstream battery
chunk still works fine actually the
water pump and here the water pump
running but it's been winterized but it
seems to be all here I don't see any
pieces missing or cracks in anything or
soft spots in the floor don't know
anything about the refrigerator though
it looks clean and he did say the air
conditioned to work when you used it
last and light switch sort of cool has a
bunch of different settings two bunks
it's not whether stinky underneath or
anything like that the curtains will
need to be redone
I'm sure you could go as far as you want
with this restoring it and then the
bathroom area here really cool windows
though and they look in here which this
I believe that would be a battery
charger in there and the border system
some hanging lockers on both sides meet
Lance lots of storage underneath this is
a no reserve auction so the top bidder
would get it it's pretty cool and who
knows what it's worth I know they're
sought after this is not a big one so
it's not heavy and like I say it tows
well if you're a little handy and put
the new carpet in here clean up the
little pieces put some curtains in it
and do some slight restoration i think
you'll have a pretty neat unit here I
really do please do not bid unless
you're able to finish the transaction
they'll need a two hundred and fifty
dollar deposit at the end of the auction
and the balance is due within seven days
now you don't have to pick it up for 30
days but the balance of the payment is
due within seven days when you come to
pick it up you of course get a clear
title and then I have it can offer you a
60-day temporary license tag to drive it
home and drive it around once you get
home
it is located in Manchester Pennsylvania
just about 20 miles north of York and a
buddy of Mines I'll not that I use for
storage for larger items like this so
that's pretty much the story if you have
questions email me and I'll answer them
for you it is no reserve like I said so
we will set up to the top bid if you're
looking for a pretty neat trailer to
restore especially at the price of
newman's are these days you can pull in
with this thing and you know have a real
head turner also he told me this heater
kept it nice and warm in here and it's a
propane propane heater
so if you want a man shot at a
reasonable price by this one